greetings everyone ranked Hill here to
give you an insight about my witch
doctor that I've been building up on the
livestream Middlemiss up for quite a
while but I feel now is a good time to
show you what I have for a while people
have wanted the witch doctor to be a
true summoner class with Reaper of souls
that is happening
legendary FX's are bringing new life to
skills that were otherwise useless
before and small changes to previous
skills are making for great synergy
bonuses our old friend the homunculus
has returned this time supporting level
70 stats and retains the old maximum
cooldown reduction of 20 seconds for
both zombie dogs and gargantuan we also
have a buff to gargantuan wrath row
protector which brought him from dealing
110% weapon damage to five hundred
seventy five percent with cooldown
reduction gear and the passive tribal
rights we can approach an always up
status of gargantuan aided by the task
rune Theo gloves which gave 100 percent
attack speed to pets and the mask of
Jerome giving 100 percent damage we're
actually seeing a quadruple of
gargantuans damage to two thousand three
hundred percent with the Reaper of souls
which doctors gained a new passive
midnight feast this gives us the ability
to summon one additional dog and
improves the damage of her busy me dogs
and gargantuan by 50% combined with the
previous passive zombie handler which
gave one extra dog in 20% health to your
dogs in gargantuan we can now summon
five dogs but wait there's more and I'm
not satisfied with five dogs we want
more so how many more six zombie dogs
seven how about eight seems like a good
number right we can stop there hell no
okay seriously this has to be crazy we
can't have nine dogs can we that's right
we can't because we can get ten zombie
dogs with the Reaper souls that retreats
done to previous skills one of those
tweaks was to Big Bad Voodoo more
specific to the rune the boogeyman which
gives a 50% chance to spawn a dog when
monsters die this adds to the dogs that
you already have existing and brings it
up to a maximum of ten dogs that can be
summoned so what about the rest of the
skills well for mouse one we have grasp
of the dead death is life which has a
10% chance to spawn a dog or health
globe when an enemy dies in the area
unfortunately this doesn't work like Big
Bad Voodoo and won't spawn an extra dogs
but really not using this for the dog
spawn and more using it for the health
Globes to keep the dogs alive a little
bit more on that later on Mouse - we
have plague atones with explosive toads
button one is spirit walk with John
which increases the duration from 2 to 3
seconds summon zombie dogs with leeching
beasts which was changed from healing
them for 50% of the image they dealt to
gaining 100% of your life on hit pairing
that with the mention Big Bad Voodoo and
gargantuan rounds out the skills for
passives we have midnight feast zombie
handler pierce the veil which gives 20%
bonus damage for 30% increased resource
cost and then tribal rights giving a 25%
cooldown reduction on zombie dogs
gargantuan and Big Bad Voodoo but you're
probably wondering where's my spender
what am i doing with damage all I've got
on my bar for damage abilities is a time
spender and my primary attack and why
the hell do you have grass of the Dead
on mouse 1 well
first grass of dead is on mouse button 1
because when the spell is on cooldown
your primary attack will automatically
cast the Reaper of souls as long as you
have it equipped somewhere on your bar
this means that my primary attack is
actually plague of toads but than you're
wondering well plague ATO's n't do that
much damage well you see it did get a
buff going from a baseline of 169
percent bringing it up to 245 percent
but that's really still not enough
the pathing of the toads was made more
in line with what we see on the console
and the guys have been drinking and
slamming energy drinks all day and they
really seem to move around right now but
still there's something missing but the
best part is from the renho flair
ceremonial knife
this makes the frogs homed in on their
targets and give a chance for them to
explode twice effectively making them
deal twice their damage which makes it
almost 500% weapon damage for free and
this is the reason why I'm using pierce
the veil but no real mana cost at all I
don't have to worry about wasting any
mana so therefore the 30% increased mana
cost doesn't really do anything I'm just
gaining 20% bonus damage so how do you
get this all the work usually I start
with 5 dogs so go into a group and try
and gather up a bunch of guys together
cast a Big Bad Voodoo and lay waste
everything in it to get your dogs you
don't really need any of the dog
passives because you can actually get
all 10 dogs from this tribal rights
reduces the cooldown of Big Bad Voodoo
as well as your dogs so you can be sure
they have them up in either 5 or up to
10 depending on the situation now that
you've got your army of dogs you can let
your little friends go to town on these
guys auto casting your grasp on the
targets picking up some health clubs to
keep them out of life and then casting
your plague atolls on the enemies now
dogs and gargantuans can hit hard and
fast but
still dumb as rocks dogs and gargantuan
loves standing in the stupid such as
desecrator fire chains poison pools and
molten ground this is why we're using
the life on hit room for the dogs and
spawning globes with grass was dead and
trying to keep five dogs available with
the cast of something dogs with the two
passives with this I've been doing okay
on torment 4 without crushing blow I can
go up to torment 5 but it just ends up
getting a little bit too difficult still
with the monster hell that they have
without crushing blows I have done
torment 6 with a group and it's
relatively sketchy because of the spike
damage and how much help the monsters
have and also I'm probably running with
a lower toughness than I have because I
haven't been putting all of my focus on
them I witchdoctor and focusing a little
bit on other classes and my hardcore
characters but that can be solved with
gear progression to increase those the
main things to look out for in this
build is getting enough cooldown
reduction to have a practically
permanent gargantuan up to get the
ceremonial knife and then to have the
helm and the gloves everything else
really is just a matter of upping your
damage upping your toughness so there
you have it the ten dogs summoner build
hope you enjoyed it you can watch me
muck around with it sometime on the
livestream let me know what you think of
the video and if you want to be updated
when I put out more Reaper of souls
videos be sure to subscribe to the
channel thanks for watching
farewell
you